v2.3.2 (#528)
BlueBrain/HighFive: CHANGELOG.md

> ## Version 2.4 - 2022-04-01

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Version 2.4.0 - 2022-04-01
```
Semantic versioning always includes the last bit, no?

### New Features
    - Construct a compound type from an already existing hid (#469). Thanks to Maximilian Nöthe.
    - Add support for long double (#494)
    - Add support for H5Pset_libver_bounds and H5Pset_meta_block_size support (#500)
### Improvements
    - Use inline where it is needed, otherwise some code can lead to "multiple definition" (#516). Thanks to Chris Byrohl.

>     - Use Catch2 inside of boost for tests, this way there is less dependencies (#521)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Use Catch2 instead of boost for tests, reduces dependencies (#521)
```

>     - CI now run with more external librairies (boost, eige, xtensor, xtl) (#536)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - CI reworked to test external libraries more thoroughly (boost, eigen, xtensor) (#536)
```
